Update failed issuance FAQ (#1004)
cert-manager/website: content/docs/faq/README.md

Due to the nature of the Kubernetes event mechanism these will be purged after a while. If you're using a dedicated logging system it might be able or is already also storing Kubernetes events.

> ### What happens if an issuance failed? Will it be retried?

Reviewer: nitpick: I'd prefer "issuance fails"  rather than "an issuance failed" but I don't think it _needs_ to change!

nitpick: changing this title changes the anchor link too; do you think we should add a manual `<a>` so we preserve the old link, as I did in [this other PR](https://github.com/cert-manager/website/pull/1003/files#diff-87f6019faccfa562a228b696d2b5a8ff9c71392f66eb62db144f3fdf84c6b905R351-R353)? I don't feel strongly though! (the suggestion would require that https://github.com/cert-manager/website/pull/1003 be merged first since it uses the new `className`

```suggestion
### What happens if issuance fails? Will it be retried?

<a id="what-happens-if-a-renewal-doesnt-happen-will-it-be-tried-again-after-some-time" className="hidden-link"></a>
```

cert-manager will retry a failed issuance except for a few rare edge cases where manual intervention is needed.

> If an issuance failed because of a temporary error, it will be retried again with a short exponential backoff (currently 5s to 5min). A temporary error is one that does not result in a failed `CertificateRequest`.

Author: 5s to 5min is the exponential backoff for reconciles that return with an error https://github.com/cert-manager/cert-manager/blob/master/pkg/controller/util.go#L45

> If an issuance failed because of a temporary error, it will be retried again with a short exponential backoff (currently 5 seconds to 5 minutes). A temporary error is one that does not result in a failed `CertificateRequest`.
> 
> If the issuance has failed with an error that resulted in a failed `CertificateRequest`, it will be retried with a longer binary exponential backoff (1 hour to 32 hours) to avoid overwhelming external services.
> 
> You can always trigger immediate renewal using [`cmctl renew` command](../usage/cmctl.md#renew)

Reviewer: nitpicks: don't think any of these are needed but I thought I'd suggest them anyway:

```suggestion
If issuance fails because of a temporary error, it will be retried again with a short exponential backoff (currently 5 seconds to 5 minutes). A temporary error is one that does not result in a failed `CertificateRequest`.

If issuance fails with an error that resulted in a failed `CertificateRequest`, it will be retried with a longer binary exponential backoff (1 hour to 32 hours) to avoid overwhelming external services.

You can always trigger immediate renewal using the [`cmctl renew` command](../usage/cmctl.md#renew)
```
